c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\obj\Debug\katanaIntro.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\obj\Debug\katanaIntro.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\katanaIntro.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\katanaIntro.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\katanaIntro.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\katanaIntro.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\katanaIntro.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\katanaIntro.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\bin\debug\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\katanaIntro\katanaIntro\obj\Debug\katanaIntro.exe
